If you edit the tags of an album via the current list, the album table doesn't refresh unless you sort it

if you edit the tags of an album on the current list, save them, close hypnos and reopen, it forgets the edits on the
   current list, even though the tag data has been changed


Library & Scanner Rebuild
   Code is a bit messy

   Filtering a track list while scanning throws ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException, can't be caught normally

   Add buttons to library scan log window
      Clear log
      copy log
      Maybe select different types of things, like albums rejected, full list, etc. 

Scanner
   Add removing a musicroot status updates to UI

   Can I make it more responsive to changes on disk? There's like a 3 second delay

   Manual rescan option for tracks?

UI
   When you drag an artist image, you can't select "all albums by this artist."
      see AudioSystem.java, the issue is in there near a todo

   Right clicking on library buttons changes library tab, only left click should

   Improve tag editor UI. It's clunky.  Single clicks good

   File-Tree view for library

   If you open an album info window for an album where the files are missing, then double click the trac, nothing
   happens and the user is confused. 
   setup:  add an album to library. Delete folder contents, but leave folder.  Go to album info window.  Double click a
   track. 

   Sometimes the art pane can become non-responsive. I dragged and dropped an image from google and it stopped changing
      I've seen it a few other times too.
      It happened as i was scrolling quickly though Josh radio, around Joanna newsom
      Leonard Cohen - Darker is a good example

   If something gets dropped into config/playlists folders, update the UI to include it?
   
Linux
   JavaFX / Linux Open File Dialog sometimes causes jvm crash, depends on system, and doesn't happen always
   
   Right click on table headers causes resort

   Gnome - title on taskbar is set as net.joshuad.hypnos.Hypnos

   Gnome - See how sys tray interacts w/ topiconsplus extension

   Linux: Dynamic menu titles in system tray
      This is kind of a pain because of the icons and because I'm bad at C

Windows
   It locks artist folders on windows. Surpsingly not album folders, just artist
      https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56847367/can-you-prevent-watchservice-from-locking-files-on-windows

Backend
   Sometimes the tags dont save when you hit save

   Improve memory usage if possible, particularly look at library i think that's a big cause

   Remove WinXP not supported by Jfx

   Build jxgrabhotkey as a seperate jar

   Look at getting completely off swing, we can shave a lot out of the jres if we do

   Can we use Java's Jigsaw to reduce distribution size somehow? We had issues w/ circular dependencies, but can we work
   through that?

   There's a significant delay after close is hit until hypnos window closes


Windows System Integration
      Select Multiple Files in explorer - No Option to play in Hypnos. Add that
      "Open with" causes the current track button to not show the current track's name.
      Commandline Interface
         Send a file via command line when hypnos isn't playing -- it starts
         Then do it again with hypnos playing, it doesn't start playing the new track, just puts it on current list


Decoder  
   I found an MP3 that Hypnos refuses to play. VLC plays it.
   http://traffic.libsyn.com/fash-the-nation/FTN_020319.mp3

   Windows: better decoder, stutters at beginning of each track
   
   Linux seems fine, and if we do system integration the cost to install vlc isn't as high, so windows is the bigger
   focus

   Linux: Sometimes it doesn't make sound after restarting into the paused state.  

::::::::::::::

Future
   visual position slider

   Windows - Build Process

   Tom Waits - Blue Valentines - Buggy on my 18.04? 

   Linux: Media Buttons
      https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53550397/javafx-keyevent-is-it-possible-to-get-more-info-for-undefined-events

   column widths don't resize right when you change the window size right as the program starts
      Confirmed with configuration Cols A B C D, with B C D being no-resize via hypnosresizepolicy

   Windows: Move to next monitor with ultramon and minimize to system tray dont play well together
      User can just disable minimize to system tray and still close to system tray, so whatever nbd

	Mounted Audio CDs

   https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51851572/java-fx-button-is-staying-pressed-after-drag-event

	Can I expand encoding information display using vlc?

	Windows - First hover over the love button makes it shift positions
		Launch Hypnos without lastfm widgets showing
		turn on last fm widgets
		hover over love button -- it shifts
		If you launch with lastfm showing, doesn't happen

	KDE Neon
		Can't drag ad drop an mp3 into hypnos
			onDragOver doesn't seem to hear the drag event.

		User said it opened the track instead of opening folder. Confirmed on KDE Neon image on my computer, it opened gwenview
			https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48131760/desktop-getdesktop-open-folder-in-kde-opens-up-gwenview-instead-of-dolphin

	Drag and drop from misc places to system
		playlist table -> m3u
		track table, history, queue, info windows, current table -> copy single tracks

	Tag auto fix button

	Maybe add sorting of roman numerals?
		https://gist.github.com/julienhaversano/9197588

	Playlist throttled filter, but who's going to have over 1000 playlists?

	Maybe allow a filter for file type and lossy vs not lossy
		Maybe just a special search text "type:mp3", "type:lossy"
		I dunno making search box script is alot.
		
	Windows
		NSIS
			Version number dynamically assigned

			Open-with shell integration
				http://nsis.sourceforge.net/Add_your_app_in_each_EXE_in_the_context_menu

				This is pretty close. It makes an entry but it doesn't work. Could be a lot of different problems.
				WriteRegStr HKCR ".flac\shell\Hypnos\command" "" "$INSTDIR\Hypnos.exe $\"%1$\""

		When you launch show busy mouse cursor

:::: Refactor / organize my code ::::
	a better structure for hotkey commands (maybe combine with commandline commands?)

   Setup a currentList.updateAlbum and updatePlaylist system
      Doesn't change artwork
      CurrentplayingTrack is the same one
      updates data and locations
